feat(mappers): Stream map expressions now have access to the `Faker` class, rather than just a faker instance (#2578)
meltano/sdk: docs/stream_maps.md

- `fake` - a [`Faker`](inv:faker:std:doc#index) instance, configurable via `faker_config`
  (see previous example) - see the built-in [standard providers](inv:faker:std:doc#providers)
  for available methods

> - `Faker` - the `Faker` library itself. This was made available to enable consistent data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Faker` - the [`Faker`](nv:faker:std:doc#fakerclass) class. This was made available to enable consistent data
```

> - `Faker` - the [`Faker`](nv:faker:std:doc#fakerclass) class. This was made available to enable consistent data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Faker` - the [`Faker`](inv:faker:std:doc#fakerclass) class. This was made available to enable consistent data
```
